---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a PhD Candidate in [Computational and Systems
Biology](https://csbphd.mit.edu/welcome-mit-computational-and-systems-biology-phd-program-csb)
at MIT passionate about using biotechnologies to build a healthier and more
sustainable world. As [Professor Connor Coley's](https://coley.mit.edu/) first
graduate student, I broadly seek to build AI-based technologies for molecular discovery
and design. I am now especially interested in developing computational tools to
find novel and disease relevant metabolites from high throughput mass
spectrometry-based metabolomics.

<!--During my senior year, I was also exposed to recent deep learning advances
in natural language processes and worked briefly with Professor Debora Marks to
apply these tools to RNA codon optimization. --> 
I have a keen interest in biotechnology entrepreneurship. I was previously the
Co-President of the [MIT Biotechnology Group](https://biotech.mit.edu/) (MBG),
MIT's premier connection to the biotech ecosystem. During that same time, I
co-founded and subsequently managed a student-led, zero-equity  accelerator
[Nucleate Eco](https://nucleate.xyz/activator/) (FKA Activate Eco) for
biotechnologies specifically addressing sustainability challenges. In my
tenure, Nucleate Eco enabled 15 new startups with technologies drawn from
universities such as Harvard, MIT, Tufts, UC Berkeley, Stanford, and the Salk
Institute.

Prior to my role at MIT, I studied computer science at Harvard and wrote a
[senior
thesis](https://dash.harvard.edu/bitstream/handle/1/37364604/GOLDMAN-SENIORTHESIS-2019.pdf?sequence=1)
in network simulations for systems biology under the mentorship of Professor
Philippe Cluzel. I also spent a brief stint as a summer investment fellow at
[Activant Capital](https://www.activantcapital.com/), where I helped dilligence
new agtech and supply chain investment opportunities.

Outside of work, I love running, ice cream, and reading fiction. In a previous
life, I was an [NCAA Division I Wrestler at
Harvard](https://gocrimson.com/news/2019/6/27/6_27_2019_524) and still enjoy
cheering for the Crimson.

I'm always happy to talk about new ideas, discuss potential opportunites, and
share my thoughts on the hopes (and false promises) of machine learning in
biochemistry. You can contact me at samlg [at] mit [dot] edu.
