_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a PhD Candidate in [Computational and Systems Biology](https://csbphd.mit.edu/welcome-mit-computational-and-systems-biology-phd-program-csb) at MIT, where I am advised by [Professor Connor Coley](https://coley.mit.edu/) and supported by the Takeda AI for Healthcare Fellowship. While I am broadly excited about AI/ML for molecular design, my PhD work has focused on computational methods to discover disease-relevant or bioactive metabolites from metabolomics data.

I am also interested in biotechnology entrepreneurship and investing, which I
am exploring as a part-time fellow at [MPM BioImpact](https://mpmcapital.com/).
I was previously Co-President of the [MIT Biotechnology Group](https://biotech.mit.edu/) (MBG) and co-founded/managed a
student-led accelerator [Nucleate Eco](https://nucleate.xyz/activator/) that supported biotechnologies addressing sustainability challenges.

Prior to MIT, I studied computer science at Harvard, wrote an undergraduate thesis in systems biology, was a Divsion I wrestler, and spent a brief stint as a summer investment fellow at
[Activant Capital](https://www.activantcapital.com/).

Outside of work, I enjoy running, ice cream, fantasy/sci-fi (audio)books, and following NCAA wrestling. I can be reached at samlg [at] mit [dot] edu.

Commit message:

Update landing page for post-doc appointment

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a post-doctoral researcher at MIT in the Coley Lab, after recently defending my PhD in the same lab in January 2024. I completed my PhD in [Computational and Systems Biology](https://csbphd.mit.edu/welcome-mit-computational-and-systems-biology-phd-program-csb) under the supervision of [Professor Connor Coley](https://coley.mit.edu/), where I was also fortunate to be supported by the Takeda AI for Healthcare Fellowship. While I am broadly excited about AI/ML for molecular design, my academic work has focused on computational methods to discover disease-relevant or bioactive metabolites from metabolomics data.

I am also interested in biotechnology entrepreneurship and investing, which I
explored as a part-time fellow at [MPM BioImpact](https://mpmcapital.com/) for a year from February 2023 to February 2024.
I was previously Co-President of the [MIT Biotechnology Group](https://biotech.mit.edu/) (MBG) and co-founded/managed a
student-led accelerator [Nucleate Eco](https://nucleate.xyz/activator/) that supported biotechnologies addressing sustainability challenges.

Prior to MIT, I studied computer science at Harvard, wrote an undergraduate thesis in systems biology, was a Divsion I wrestler, and spent a brief stint as a summer investment fellow at
[Activant Capital](https://www.activantcapital.com/).

Outside of work, I enjoy running, ice cream, fantasy/sci-fi (audio)books, and following NCAA wrestling. I can be reached at samlg [at] mit [dot] edu.
